Hello and welcome to the course that dippers with spring guitarist and spring board.
Before we move ahead, let me give you an introduction about how these courses is designed to.
So the very first thing is course structure, this course is all about spring guitarist.
And in this course, you will learn how to develop recipes using spinning guitarist.
For this, you need to have the basic knowledge on spending that Adebiyi, so the very first thing we
will get started in this course is that basic SOP GPA, it may be possible that you are already everybody.
That's fine.
But I can't assume that all people who are taking this course are aware of GPA that we will jump to
spring guitarist to develop the rest.
In this course, you will learn how to do business and sorting by working with spring guitarist.
You will also learn how to perform validations while working with Spring Guitarist.
In this course, you will learn projection and exiled provided by spring guitarist.
This course covers Hail Explorer provided by spring guitarist.
Someone has rightly said that don't judge a book by its cover, and the same thing is applicable for
this course.
This court is having more than three hours of content, so I would like to request you that what at
least 30 to 50 percent of the goods and then come up with your constructive feedback.
I am always looking for the constructive feedback to improve the course quality.
The next is buyers of the goods.
Some students prefer to learning for speed.
And some students prefer to learn in slow speed.
In this course, I tried my best to keep medium pace targeting all kind of students whenever required.
I slow down my peers to make you understand the topic in a better way.
Still, if you think that the pace of the course is either slow or fast, then you can use the video
player setting to increase or decrease the speed.
Source code and other resources that we are going to use in this cause that you will get inside the
lectures and you can download them as well.
English is not my mother tongue, so I hope before taking this course, you have watched the preview
videos to take my teaching style and English pronunciation.
Yeah, that sort introduction about this course and will get started from the next lecture.
Thank you very much.